{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green27\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green73\blue84;
\red235\green236\blue239;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c14118\c17647;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c33333\c36078\c40392;
\cssrgb\c93725\c94118\c94902;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww50700\viewh25500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs88 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\
1)When you create a new user, that user ________.
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 A)Will be able to log in to the console anywhere in the world, using their access key ID and secret access key\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb3 B)Will be able to interact with AWS using their access key ID and secret access key using the API, CLI, or the AWS SDKs\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf4 \cb3 C)Will only be able to log in to the console in the region in which that user was created\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 D)Will be able to log in to the console only after multi-factor authentication is enabled on their account\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		comment :\
		answer\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
B)Will be able to interact with AWS using their access key ID and secret access key using the API, CLI, or the AWS SDKs = programatic access\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Will be able to log in to the console anywhere in the world with our password =console accesss\cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\
		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cf2 \cb3 2) Which statement best describes IAM?
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cb5 A)IAM allows you to manage users, groups, roles, and their corresponding level of access to the AWS Platform. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf4 \cb3 B)IAM allows you to manage users' passwords only. AWS staff must create new users for your organization. This is done by raising a ticket.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 C)IAM allows you to manage permissions for AWS resources only.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 D)IAM stands for Improvised Application Management, and it allows you to deploy and manage applications in the AWS Cloud.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 3)What is the default level of access a newly created IAM User is granted?
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 A)Read-only access to all AWS services.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb3 B)No access to any AWS services. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf4 \cb3 C)Administrator access to all AWS services.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 D)Power user access to all AWS services.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4  Comment : \
\
  \
  4)
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Power User Access allows ________.
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cb3 A)Full Access to all AWS services and resources.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 B)Read-only access to all AWS services and resources.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb5 C)Access to all AWS services except the management of groups and users within IAM.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf4 \cb3 D)Users to inspect the source code of the AWS platform.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		comment  :   Power user Access     = adminst. Access - IAM \
		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 5)
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 What is an additional way to secure the AWS accounts of both the root account and new users alike?
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cb3 A)Implement Multi-Factor Authentication for all accounts.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf4 \cb3 B)Store the access key id and secret access key of all users in a publicly accessible plain text document on S3 of which only you and members of your organization know the address.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 C)Configure the AWS Console so that you can only log in to it from a specific IP Address range\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 D)Configure the AWS Console so that you can only log in to it from your internal network IP address range.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 6)\u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 In what language are policy documents written?
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 A)Python\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb5 B)JSON\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf4 \cb3 C)Node.js\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 D)Java\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 7)
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 A new employee has just started work, and it is your job to give her administrator access to the AWS console. You have given her a user name, an access key ID, a secret access key, and you have generated a password for her. She is now able to log in to the AWS console, but she is unable to interact with any AWS services. What should you do next? 
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 A)Grant her Administrator access by adding her to the Administrators' group.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf4 \cb3 B)Require multi-factor authentication for her user account.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 C)Ensure she is logging in to the AWS console from your corporate network and not the normal internet.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 D)Tell her to log out and try logging back in again.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 8)What level of access does the "root" account have?
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \cb3 A)Read-only Access\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 B)Power User Access\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb3 C)Administrator Access\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf4 \cb3 D)No Access\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		comment ; most powerful C\
		 power user access = C - IAM\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 9)You are a solutions architect working for a large engineering company that are moving from a legacy infrastructure to AWS. You have configured the company's first AWS account and you have set up IAM. Your company is based in Andorra, but there will be a small subsidiary operating out of South Korea, so that office will need its own AWS environment. Which of the following statements is true?
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 A)You will then need to configure Users and Policy Documents for each region, respectively.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb3 B)You will need to configure Users and Policy Documents only once, as these are applied globally.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf4 \cb3 C)You will need to configure your users regionally, however your policy documents are global.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 D)You will need to configure your policy documents regionally, however your users are global.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
10)
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 You are a security administrator working for a hotel chain. You have a new member of staff who has started as a systems administrator, and she will need full access to the AWS console. You have created the user account and generated the access key id and the secret access key. You have moved this user into the group where the other administrators are, and you have provided the new user with their secret access key and their access key id. However, when she tries to log in to the AWS console, she cannot. Why might that be?
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 A)You have not applied the "log in from console" policy document to the user. You must apply this first so that they can log in.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\
		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
B)Your user is trying to log in from the AWS console from outside the corporate network. This is not possible.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 C)You have not yet activated multi-factor authentication for the user, so by default they will not be able to log in.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf2 \cb3 D)You cannot log in to the AWS console using the Access Key ID / Secret Access Key pair. Instead, you must generate a password for the user, and supply the user with this password and your organization's unique AWS console login URL.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 11)You have created a new AWS account for your company, and you have also configured multi-factor authentication on the root account. You are about to create your new users. What strategy should you consider in order to ensure that there is good security on this account.
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 A)Enact a strong password policy: user passwords must be changed every 45 days, with each password containing a combination of capital letters, lower case letters, numbers, and special symbols.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cf4 \cb3 B)Require users only to be able to log in using biometric authentication.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 C)Restrict login to the corporate network only.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 D)Give all users the same password so that if they forget their password they can just ask their co-workers.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 }